Update base_model guidance to reflect that base_model is an array now. (#1168)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/model-cards.md

### Specifying a base model

> If your model is a fine-tune or adapter of a base model, you can specify the base model in the model card metadata section. This information can also be used to indicate if your model is a merge of multiple existing models. The `base_model` field can either be a single model ID or an array of one or more base_models (specified by their Hub identifier). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your model is a fine-tune or adapter of a base model, you can specify the base model in the model card metadata section. This information can also be used to indicate if your model is a merge of multiple existing models. The `base_model` field can either be a single model ID, or a list of one or more base_models (specified by their Hub identifier). 
```

just an idea, use what sounds better to you :)

```yaml

> base_model:  HuggingFaceH4/zephyr-7b-beta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
base_model: HuggingFaceH4/zephyr-7b-beta
```

(nit, leading space)
